Add argument to by pass content security policy (#91)
imjoy-team/imjoy-engine: README.md

# ImJoy Plugin Engine
The plugin engine used for running python plugins in ImJoy (https://imjoy.io).

This library is mainly based on jupyter notebook server, with additonal libraries and convenient settings.

## Installation
* If you don't have a conda environemnt, download and install [Miniconda with Python 3.7](https://conda.io/miniconda.html) (or [Anaconda with Python 3.7](https://www.anaconda.com/download/) if you prefer a full installation).

* Start a **Terminal**(Mac and Linux) or **Anaconda Prompt**(Windows), then run the following command:

```

> pip install -U [jupyter]

Reviewer: Is there a dot missing?

Author: Yes, you are right, thanks.

```

The above command will also install jupyter notebook and [imjoy-elfinder](https://github.com/imjoy-team/imjoy-elfinder).

* If you encountered any error related to `git` or `pip`, try to run : `conda install -y git pip` before the above command. (Otherwise, please check **FAQs**.)

## Usage

To use it after the installation:
* Run `imjoy --jupyter` command in a **Terminal** or **Anaconda Prompt**, and keep the window running.

> * Go to https://imjoy.io, connect to the plugin engine. For the first time, you will be asked to fill a token generated by the plugin engine from the previous step. Once connected, you can start to run python plugin through the plugin engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Go to https://imjoy.io, connect to the plugin engine. For the first time, you will be asked to fill in a token generated by the plugin engine from the previous step. Once connected, you can start to run python plugins through the plugin engine.
```

> Please notice that if you are trying to use ImJoy Plugin Engine running on a remote server, please use the ImJoy web App served on your server (`http://YOUR_REMOTE_IP:9527`) instead of `https://imjoy.io`. This is because most browser do not allow a web application served throught `https` to connect to a unsecured server (your remote server). Alternatively, you use proxy to enable `https` for the plugin engine, then you will be able to use it with `https://imjoy.io`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that if you are trying to use the ImJoy Plugin Engine running on a remote server, please use the ImJoy web App served on your server (`http://YOUR_REMOTE_IP:9527`) instead of `https://imjoy.io`. This is because most browsers do not allow a web application served through `https` to connect to an unsecured server (your remote server). Alternatively, you can use a proxy to enable `https` for the plugin engine. Then you will be able to use it with `https://imjoy.io`.
```

## Usage

To use it after the installation:
* Run `imjoy --jupyter` command in a **Terminal** or **Anaconda Prompt**, and keep the window running. You will get a link that looks like `http://localhost:8888/?token=caac2d7f2e8e0...ad871fe` from the terminal, please copy it for the next step.

> * Go to https://imjoy.io, click the 🚀 icon located upper-right corner, select `Add Jupyter-Engine` and paste the link you get previously, and connect to the plugin engine. Once connected, you can start to run python plugins through the plugin engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Go to https://imjoy.io, click the 🚀 icon located in the upper-right corner, select `Add Jupyter-Engine` and paste the link you got previously, and connect to the plugin engine. Once connected, you can start to run python plugins through the plugin engine.
```
